README.md, before:

# uriopener package
[![OS X Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/dhinakg/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/dhinakg/uriopener) [![Windows Build Status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/dhinakg/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dhinakg/uriopener/branch/master) [![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dhinakg/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/dhinakg/uriopener) [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/apm/dm/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/uriopener) [![Version](https://img.shields.io/apm/v/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/uriopener) [![License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/uriopener)

Opens URIs under the cursor using <kbd>ctrl-alt-shift-o</kbd> or <kbd>cmd-alt-shift-o</kbd> for Linux (because you can run Linux on a Mac) and Mac.
Based on [![link](https://img.shields.io/badge/package-link-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/link) with a few additions.

Commit message:

added ctrl\cmd-click feature and updated readme and package.json

README.md, after:

# uriopener package
[![OS X Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/dhinakg/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/dhinakg/uriopener) [![Windows Build Status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/dhinakg/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dhinakg/uriopener/branch/master) [![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dhinakg/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/dhinakg/uriopener) [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/apm/dm/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/uriopener) [![Version](https://img.shields.io/apm/v/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/uriopener) [![License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/uriopener.svg?maxAge=1&style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/uriopener)

Opens URIs under the cursor using <kbd>ctrl-alt-shift-o</kbd> or <kbd>cmd-alt-shift-o</kbd> for Linux (because you can run Linux on a Mac) and Mac or <kbd>ctrl/cmd-click</kbd>.
Based on [![link](https://img.shields.io/badge/package-link-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/link) with a few additions.
<kbd>ctrl/cmd-click</kbd> feature from [original pull request by UziTech](https://github.com/atom/link/pull/15/commits/ff578558531a3f8a04ba8cd3dd1b89b15a2a5c9d "view pull request").
